Added times to the schedule page (#131)
WebAssemblySummit/webassembly-summit.org: src/schedule.md

# Schedule

> _Times are listed in London time (GMT, UTC+0)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Times are listed in London time (BST, UTC+1)_
```
